It's a scene classification dataset with six classes. The complete dataset is available here, 

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/puneet6060/intel-image-classification/

As you could not have completed processing on full dataset, therefore the smaller version has been created for this assignment and made available on above drive link. 
It contains two folders, one for training the model and other to perform the test. The dataset has following six class labels, 

buildings 
forest
glacier 
mountain
sea
street
 

The task is to train (on 100 images from train folder) a convolution neural network on train dataset, validate it (on 44 images from training folder) and test it (100 images in test folder).
The folder on the above link has images in train and test folders. Use appropriate Python /  Keras utilities to prepare train, validate and test datasets. You need to perform following tasks, 

1. Create a CNN model with appropriate conv-pooling to produce 32-64-128-256-512-1024 outputs at respective layers with kernal_size =3 and pool_size=2, followed by flatten and output layers. At the output
layer, use appropriate activation function keeping in view number of class labels (10 Marks) 

2. Compile the model with appropriate loss and optimizer. The performance metric should be accuracy (10 Marks)

3. Read the dataset (train, test folders from drive) using image_dataset_from_directory utility of Keras. Remember, while reading folders, set label_mode = 'categorical' as this is a multiclass classification task, NOT
a binary classification as we did in the class (10 Marks) 

4. Train the model on 20 epochs while validating on the validation dataset prepared in the previous step (10 Marks) 
5. Plot the train and validation accuracies, does the model overfit? If so retrain it on reduced number of epochs based on your elbow location (10 Marks) 
6. Test the model performance on test dataset (10 Marks) 
7. Next, using keras.Sequential, create an augmentation layer with randomflip = vertical, randomrotation = 0.3 and randomzoom = 0.3 . Add it at appropriate layer in the above CNN model along with a dropout layer of 0.5. Repeat
steps 4, 5 and 6 (20 Marks) 
8. Write your opinion about two models (with and without augmentation) by comparing performance of both. If one performs better than other, write the reason (10 Mark) 
9. Finally, write code segment that accepts path of an image and predicts class (building, forest, glacier, mountain, sea, street) for it using your trained model (10 Mark) 

Submission instructions: once you are done, please download the ipynb file and submit to this assignment. Please download and upload the file rather sharing the link only.  
